[WIP] yuzu: Port translation support from Citra v2 (#3349)
yuzu-emu/yuzu: README.md

If you want to contribute please take a look at the [Contributor's Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Developer Information](https://github.com/yuzu-emu/yuzu/wiki/Developer-Information). You should as well contact any of the developers on Discord in order to know about the current state of the emulator.

> If you want to contribute to the user interface translation, please checkout [yuzu project on transifex](https://www.transifex.com/yuzu-emulator/yuzu). We centralize the translation work there, and periodically upstream translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to the user interface translation, please check out the [yuzu project on transifex](https://www.transifex.com/yuzu-emulator/yuzu). We centralize translation work there, and periodically upstream translations.
```
